Hey, it's so comfortable not to fight.
Boss, it's still early for you to dominate SM
Take your time
What's the hurry?
Now there's only one heartbreak left
I will fight Jiang Lu sooner or later
Who said that Song Qiuxi is not so easy to deal with?
Don't underestimate him.
Why is it you again?
What, am I annoying?
Not really.
Just curious
I'm not worried that you're too injured to die
Now it seems that I was really worried in vain
I'm in great shape.
Really? Let me see.
I want to die!
Ah boss
I'll go first then.
Hey
What do you mean by that Song Qiu word yin?
The fool was provoked by him at 7:30
That's why Jiang Lu and I thought
He's not a good guy
How do you know that?
It means you already knew
7:30 is a must
We're going to fight sooner or later
So it will count
The background of Song Qiuci is not so simple
He is not like Fei Shuang and Jiao Lu
Aren't you from Jianglu?
How to speak for others
You let me go
Stop teasing you
Whether it is Shi Xinhui or the inspection team
I have to challenge them one by one